README.md, before:

<div id="top"></div>

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/UKDanceBlue/danceblue-react-app">
    <img src="https://www.danceblue.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/DB-Web-Logo-Final-01.svg" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">DanceBlue Mobile</h3>

  <p align="center">
    DanceBlue's mobile app is a great way to interact with DanceBlue year round from the comfort of your phone
    <br />
    <a href="https://www.danceblue.org">Explore DanceBlue</a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://danceblue.networkforgood.com/causes/4789-danceblue-golden-matrix-fund-dance-teams">Donate</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/UKDanceBlue/danceblue-react-app/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/UKDanceBlue/danceblue-react-app/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li><a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a></li>
    <li><a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

<!-- [![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com) -->

DanceBlue is a University of Kentucky student-run organization that fundraises
year-round and culminates in a 24-hour no sitting, no sleeping dance marathon.
The money raised through DanceBlue is donated to the Golden Matrix Fund,
established to support the kids of the DanceBlue Kentucky Children’s Hospital
Hematology/Oncology Clinic both today and well into the future through an
endowment. DanceBlue funds also support the year-long fundraising engine
and operations that underpin the mission, as well as providing funds to
support research at the UK Markey Cancer Center. The Golden Matrix Fund
was created to benefit the DanceBlue KCH Hematology/Oncology Clinic patients
and families. Childhood cancer not only affects the child physically, but it
also creates many emotional and financial difficulties for the entire family.
The goal of the Golden Matrix Fund is to provide care and support for the kids
through giving them and their parent’s comfort.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Built With

- [React Native](https://reactnative.dev/)
- [Expo](https://expo.dev/)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)
- [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

After you clone the repository install expo CLI

```sh
npm install expo-cli@latest -g
```

### Getting up and running

1. Run `npm ci` to install the same dependency tree I use or `npm install` to generate a new dependency tree
2. (optional) run `npm run gen-doc` and open doc/index.html to see an overview of the project
3. Install expo go on your phone or on an emulator
4. Run `npm run start` to start Expo's testing environment
5. Scan the QR code shown in the browser window that shows up
6. You should now be able to work on the code and live reload the app on expo go as you work

### Building

See Expo's [guide](https://docs.expo.dev/distribution/introduction/) on "distributing your app"

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

If you are interested in joining DanceBlue, send me a message (see my contact info)!

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Tag Howard - app@danceblue.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/UKDanceBlue/danceblue-react-app](https://github.com/UKDanceBlue/danceblue-react-app)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->

## Acknowledgments

- [Tag Howard](https://github.com/tajetaje)
- [Kenton Carrier](https://github.com/kncarrier28)
- [The whole DanceBlue committee](http://www.danceblue.org/meet-the-team)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

chore(node) switch to yarn

README.md, after:

<div id="top"></div>

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/UKDanceBlue/danceblue-react-app">
    <img src="https://www.danceblue.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/DB-Web-Logo-Final-01.svg" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">DanceBlue Mobile</h3>

  <p align="center">
    DanceBlue's mobile app is a great way to interact with DanceBlue year round from the comfort of your phone
    <br />
    <a href="https://www.danceblue.org">Explore DanceBlue</a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://danceblue.networkforgood.com/causes/4789-danceblue-golden-matrix-fund-dance-teams">Donate</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/UKDanceBlue/danceblue-react-app/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/UKDanceBlue/danceblue-react-app/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li><a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a></li>
    <li><a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

<!-- [![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com) -->

DanceBlue is a University of Kentucky student-run organization that fundraises
year-round and culminates in a 24-hour no sitting, no sleeping dance marathon.
The money raised through DanceBlue is donated to the Golden Matrix Fund,
established to support the kids of the DanceBlue Kentucky Children’s Hospital
Hematology/Oncology Clinic both today and well into the future through an
endowment. DanceBlue funds also support the year-long fundraising engine
and operations that underpin the mission, as well as providing funds to
support research at the UK Markey Cancer Center. The Golden Matrix Fund
was created to benefit the DanceBlue KCH Hematology/Oncology Clinic patients
and families. Childhood cancer not only affects the child physically, but it
also creates many emotional and financial difficulties for the entire family.
The goal of the Golden Matrix Fund is to provide care and support for the kids
through giving them and their parent’s comfort.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Built With

- [React Native](https://reactnative.dev/)
- [Expo](https://expo.dev/)
- [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)
- [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

After you clone the repository install expo CLI

```sh
yarn install expo-cli@latest -g
```

### Getting up and running

1. Run `yarn --frozen-lockfile` to install the same dependency tree I use or `yarn install` to generate a new dependency tree
2. (optional) run `yarn gen-doc` and open doc/index.html to see an overview of the project
3. Install expo go on your phone or on an emulator
4. Run `yarn start` to start Expo's testing environment
5. Scan the QR code shown in the browser window that shows up
6. You should now be able to work on the code and live reload the app on expo go as you work

### Building

See Expo's [guide](https://docs.expo.dev/distribution/introduction/) on "distributing your app"

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

If you are interested in joining DanceBlue, send me a message (see my contact info)!

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Tag Howard - app@danceblue.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/UKDanceBlue/danceblue-react-app](https://github.com/UKDanceBlue/danceblue-react-app)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->

## Acknowledgments

- [Tag Howard](https://github.com/tajetaje)
- [Kenton Carrier](https://github.com/kncarrier28)
- [The whole DanceBlue committee](http://www.danceblue.org/meet-the-team)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>
